MySQL Connector/Net 1.0.8
MySQL AB's ADO.Net Driver for MySQL
Copyright (c) 2004-2006 MySQL AB

CONTENTS

* Release Notes
* License
* Documentation Location

RELEASE NOTES

We are nearing the end of the 1.x line of Connector/Net.  This release is 
being called a 'release candidate' and we encourage users to try this release
out in a testing scenario.  It's being called an RC because we made significant
changes to how stored procedures are processed internally and added major 
features such as a procedure cache.  After a brief amount of exposure, we'll 
fix any showstopper bugs that are reported and release a 1.0.9 GA.  

Please see the CHANGES file for a detailed list of bugs fixed and changes made 
to this release.  Here is a brief list of the major changes found in this release.

  - Executing stored procedures no longer requires having SELECT privileges on
    the mysql.proc table.
  - Metadata for stored procedures is now cached.  Use the 'procedure cache' 
    connection string option to adjust.
  - Queries that use a great number of parameters are many times faster than with 
    1.0.7
  - Shared memory connections now work
  - ICSharpZipLib is no longer used in the connector and is not shipped with 1.0.8
  - Tons of bugs have been fixed.

LICENSE

MySQL Connector/Net is licensed under the GPL or a commercial license
from MySQL AB. 

If you have licensed this product under the GPL, please see the COPYING
file for more information. 

If you have licensed this product under a commercial license from
MySQL AB, please see the file "MySQLEULA.txt" that comes with this 
distribution for the terms of the license.

If you need non-GPL licenses for commercial distribution please contact 
me <reggie@mysql.com> or <sales@mysql.com>.


DOCUMENTATION LOCATION
 
The documentation currently exists in MSDN help format and is located in the 'doc' 
directory.

--
This software is OSI Certified Open Source Software.
OSI Certified is a certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.


